com/example/androidboilderplatecode/ui/sample/view/Hilt_SampleActivity.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.ui.sample.view.Hilt_SampleActivity
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.ui.sample.view.Hilt_SampleActivity$1
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/repository/ApiRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.repository.ApiRepository_Factory
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/ui/sample/view/SampleActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.ui.sample.view.SampleActivity_MembersInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/databinding/SampleListBinding.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.databinding.SampleListBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_androidboilderplatecode_App_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_androidboilderplatecode_App_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_androidboilderplatecode_ui_sample_view_SampleActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_androidboilderplatecode_ui_sample_view_SampleActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/databinding/SampleListBindingImpl.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.databinding.SampleListBindingImpl
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/module/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.module.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/Hilt_App.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.Hilt_App
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.Hilt_App$1
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/module/AppModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.module.AppModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/ui/sample/view/SampleActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.ui.sample.view.SampleActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/databinding/ActivitySampleBinding.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.databinding.ActivitySampleBinding
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/App_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_androidboilderplatecode_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_androidboilderplatecode_App
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/App_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_androidboilderplatecode_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_androidboilderplatecode_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_androidboilderplatecode_module_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_androidboilderplatecode_module_AppModule
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/BR.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.BR
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/App_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.App_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_androidboilderplatecode_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_androidboilderplatecode_App
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/databinding/ActivitySampleBindingImpl.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.databinding.ActivitySampleBindingImpl
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/module/AppModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.module.AppModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.module.AppModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/module/AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.module.AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.module.AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/androidboilderplatecode/ui/sample/viewmodel/SampleActivityViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.androidboilderplatecode.ui.sample.viewmodel.SampleActivityViewModel_Factory
